	Enum in flutter used as a mini class here I can declare the const variables. 
	ex: enum VehiclePathStatus { initial, loading, loaded, error }   final VehiclePathStatus status;

	fluttergerms for indentify the correct dependency within a sec.

	how to upload dependency in pubdev

	Equatable in bloc event and state used to compare the object based on value instead of reference
	so UI rebuild was not occur if the same value pass in the event.

	props in event and state tell which object must be compare.

	otp service vcom by using meta WhatsApp. otp javaspringboot.

	Dont use print and log instead of this use logger dependency. instead of snack bar use toastification.

	in logger methodcount is use to identify what are the callstatement occur before hit the logger.d() same thing for logger.e()

	whenever I try to push the flutter code to GitHub then upload.key should automatically ignore because ignore.git contain that filename

	
Statemanagement purpose: 

the main reason for using statemanagement(provide,getx,riverpod,bloc,etc..) is to avoid the unnecessary api calls like keyboard open, theme change and also reduce the widget rebuilding so for that statemanagment store the api response into the cache then reuse it again and again once cache is cleared then call api otherwise statemanangement use cache data we must decide when the cache should be clear either refresh or tabswitching(autodispose).
	gradlew basically used for make the build for the  project and give as a apk or aab for android.

	if the backend is decide which type of requestbody is accept like json means contenttype : application/json then u only got response if the requestbody in the form of json other wise 400.
	
	in springboot one repository for the one class so we cant make the repository as a generic class
In bloc:
	Event is the request body and value of the event variable was given by UI side.
	And then call bloc in the UI then bloc should executed it call event and state and also call repository.
	api(service) called in the repository
	reposity send response of api to the model 
	model parse that json using factory and model return the json
	model returned json send to the state and based on the model or response we set the state
	repository was called in the bloc and repository  call model and gets its return value and repository return that value to the bloc

Dotnet:

Note: A namespace is a container that contains a group of related classes and interfaces, as well as, a namespace can also contain other namespaces

Generally, the namespace name will be the same as the project name but it is not mandatory, you can give any user-defined name to the namespace.

here string is mutable.



Testing:

-in testing two type of testing is there one is manual testing , automation testing (selenium)
-ManualTesting:
	Two type is there functional and non functional
-In functional contain:
	-retest - If tester saw any bugs then he inform to the development team then again test that
	-regression - If tester saw any issues in the module that is called regression
	-sanity - If the tester saw any problem in the page of the module that is called sanity test.
	-smoke testing - basic level testing like install and login
	-exploratory testing - blind user level testing which means test without any knowledge of the app
	-unit testing - Module or component based testing
	-Integration testing - to test one page changes reflect on another one.
	-system testing - Overall one workflow of app 


NEXT.JS

it provides both frontend and backend support
here we can use js or tjx for frontend and backend
it provide csr and ssr but by default ssr is enable if u want to use csr mention "use client" at the top
normal routing used for static page but approute used for dynamic page.
csr basically fetch the data from the browser so it take less time comparatively ssr.
easy to create APIs 
TikTok build by next.js


IP Whitelisting :

It is used to allow only trusted IP address can access the service or websites.
it ensure the data protection.
It also called as IP filtering.

IP Blacklisting :

It is opposite of whitelisting because it contain list of IP address which are not allow to access service.

